fix(inline-control-group): remove bottom spacing from last child control (#974)
twilio-labs/paste: .changeset/nervous-moles-sleep.md

---
'@twilio-paste/radio-group': patch
'@twilio-paste/core': patch
---

> Value is added as a prop used specifically by RadioGroup as it was inheriting its prop interface from InlineContorlGroup which doens't use value at all.

Reviewer: I started reading the changes by only reading the changesets, to see if I could understand the changes. I had a hard time understanding the changesets so I'm providing some suggested improvements.

```suggestion
[RadioGroup] Added optional `value` string prop which this component needs and is no longer on the extended `InlineControlGroup` interface.
```
